THIS FILE CONTAINS LIST OF ERROR CODES FOR CGIMailer v1.20.

0	- Reserved

1	- CONTENT_LENGTH variable is not passed.
	When HTTP server executes an CGI program it is supposed to
	pass CONTENT_LENGTH environment variable to program.
	This error may occur due to server error.
	On this error CGIMailer always responses with internal error
	message.

2	- Error reading STDIN.
	This error is generated if CGIMailer can't read number of
	bytes specified in CONTENT_LENGTH variable.
	On this error CGIMailer always responses with internal error
	message.

3	- Not enough memory.
	This error occurs if CGIMailer fails to allocate memory
	required to operate properly.

4	- Name of configuration file is not passed.
	CGIMailer expects name of configuration file to be passed as
	command line parameter or in SYS.CONFIGFILE variable.
	If this is not case it generates error with this code.
	If this error occurs check calling HTML code to see if the
	name of configuration file is correctly passed, also be sure
	to use POST method for calling CGIMailer.
	On this error CGIMailer always responses with internal error
	message.

5	- Syntax error in configuration file.
	This error is generated when CGIMailer finds unexpected line
	in configuration file.
	Also check if all variable names in configuration file are
	written correctly.


6	- Reserved

7	- Error reading configuration file.

8	- Error reading response template.
	This error is generated when response template is successfully
	opened but CGIMailer can't read complete file.

9	- Error reading error template.
	This error is generated when error template is successfully
	opened but CGIMailer can't read complete file.
	On this error CGIMailer always responses with internal error
	message.

10	- Error reading message template.
	This error is generated when message template is successfully
	opened but CGIMailer can't read complete file.

11	- Internal error

12	- Error opening response template.
	This error is generated when CGIMailer fails to open response
	template.
	If this error occurs check if TEMPLATE variable points to an
	existing file, also check access permissions for that file.
	All variables pointing to files are expected to contain path
	relative to cgimail.exe or an absolute path.

13	- Error opening message template.
	This error is generated when CGIMailer fails to open input
	template.
	If this error occurs check if MSGTEMPLATE variable points
	to an existing file, also check access permissions for
	that file.
	All variables pointing to files are expected to contain path
	relative to cgimail.exe or an absolute path.

14	- Error opening error template.
	This error is generated when CGIMailer fails to open error
	template.
	If this error occurs check if ERRTEMPLATE variable points to
	an existing file, also check access permissions for that file.
	All variables pointing to files are expected to contain path
	relative to cgimail.exe or an absolute path.

15	- Error opening configuration file.
	This error is generated when CGIMailer fails to open
	configuration file.
	If this error occurs check if name of configuration file passed to
	CGIMaier points to an existing file.
	All variables pointing to files are expected to contain path
	relative to cgimail.exe or an absolute path.
	On this error CGIMailer always responses with internal error
	message.

16	- Reserved

17	- Reserved

18	- Reserved

19	- Failed to sent mail.
	This error is generated when CGIMailer can't send mail for an
	unknown reason.

20	- Reserved

21	- Reserved

22	- Sender not acceptable.
	SMTP does not accepts address stated in FROM variable as valid.

23	- Recipient not acceptable.
	SMTP server refuses one(or more) address(es) listed in TO, CC or BCC.

24	- Required variable is not set.
	This error will be generated if CGIMailer finds required
	variable with value which is not set.

25	- Reserved

26	- Reserved

27	- Reserved

28	- Reserved

29	- TEMPLATE variable is not set.
	CGIMailer generates this error when TEMPLATE variable in
	configuration file can not be found.

30	- Reserved

31	- TO variable is not set.
	CGIMailer generates tihs error when TO variable in
	configuration file can not be found.

32	- Reserved

33	- Reserved

34	- Reserved

35	- Reserved

36	- Connection timed out.
	There was no response from server whithin TIMEOUT seconds.
	See TIMEOUT variable in configuration file.

37	- Connection reset by SMTP server.

38	- Invalid TIMEOUT value.

39	- Failed to initialise Windows socket subsystem.

40	- Network is down.

41	- Host is unreachable.
	This means that CGIMailer cant't reach SMTP server specified
	in GATEWAY variable in configuration file.

42	- Connection is refused.
	SMTP server specified in GATEWAY variable in configuration
	file refuses conections on specified port (PORT variable).

43	- Network is unreachable.

44	- SMTP server can not be found.
	CGIMailer can not find SMTP server's IP address.

45	- SMTP connection failed.
	CGIMailer generates this error when is connected to
	server but SMTP conversation failes.

46	- Unknown network error.
	An network error occured while sending mail.

47	- Reserved

48	- Reserved

49	- Reserved

50	- Failed to open output file.
	CGIMailer failed to open file for writing specified by
	SAVETOFILE variable in configuration file. This is probablly
	because of WRITE access is not allowed for specified file.
